[Music]
vasana vck means
tree stand with the feet 2 in apart
focus on a point in front exhale bend
the right leg and place the foot on the
inside of the left thigh the heel should
be touching the
perenium inhale and extend the arms
up and join the Palms stay in this
position for 10 to 15 seconds and
breathe normally this improves
neuromuscular coordination endurance and
alertness avoid this practice in case of
arthritis and obesity exhale and bring
the arms and right foot
[Music]
down and repeat the Asen bend the left
leg and place the foot on the right
thigh the heel should touch the
perenium
inhale extend the arms up and join the
[Music]
Palms
relax
[Music]